1. use Record as DTO pattern they are best suited for request and response
2. dont use Entity classes for request and response, , entity classes should only talk with database layer
3. you can externalize the configuration if you have 100 of microservices
so in order to do this, you need to create a config server
4. then comes service discovery
there will be eureka server -- here all services like gateway and
all other microservices will register to eureka server
- lets say account service is registered with eureka server, then , when you start the account server, then you will get in console:
below logs will be print in account service run console:
a. Starting heartbeat executor: renew interval is: 30 --> which means account service will send its heartbeat to eureka server every 30 seconds
b.  then it will show the registration status which means account service is registered with eureka server successfully .. like this : DiscoveryClient_ACCOUNT-SERVICE/account-service:15bc638fd3fdcb272839b5ac9386dfa5 - registration status: 204
c. Note: http://localhost:8761/eureka/apps if you go to this url of eureka server, then you will be bale to see what are all services are registtered, and what are all instances registered
- also if you want tonly your pirticular service details, then you can get it using url: http://localhost:8761/eureka/apps/ACCOUNT-SERVICE

d. if you go to http://localhost:8761/ this url on which eureka server is running then, you will be able to see all the running services in dashboard
gateway will be the entry point
all requests will come to gateway
then gateway will check its application.yml file and check the routing details for the request
and it will find the servicename
then gateway , will consult with eureka server and eureka server will provide what are all running instances
for that service
then gateway will use round robin method to  route the request to pirticular instance
so if you hit the port multiple times, ten you will come to know how gateway is dynamically routing the requests
5.
